The Joe Rogan experience. No. Yeah.
The worst possible scenario, like, um, did you see once upon time in Hollywood?
I did. So those flower kids, right? The murderous flower, the Manson,
the Manson kids, those that's like worst case scenario. Yeah.
But sometimes we think about people just on, you know,
just cuz that's a possibility it's such a one mm-hmm <affirmative> but he gets a
disproportionate amount of energy and interest. Cause for the most part,
most people yeah. Are super fine. Yeah. Most people are great.
Most people are friendly. Most people just wanna have a good time in this life.
Yeah. About.
Right. Exactly. And even the Manson kids,
there's probably a couple of them that were fun.
I bet there was mm-hmm <affirmative> the girl who took off the girl who was
like, Hey, I'll be right back. Oh yeah.
<Laugh>.
That girl, you know who, who she is? Life did take off. No. Who is it in.
Real life. Who did you watch? Stranger things. Yes. She's uh,
the, um, she's Ethan Hawk and UMMA Thurman's daughter. What? Yes.
Wow. Yes. That's great. She was the one in the,
the two worked in the ice cream shop. Oh, that's crazy. Yeah.
Okay. That's hard. What?
I thought you were gonna say the actual Manson kid that did take off there still
wasn't.
What's that meant the one in real life. Oh, in.
Real life. Yeah. You confused the outta everybody.
I'm so sorry. Just.
Had story going around. Uh, when we were talking about the other day,
that story with Bruce Lee, that was loosely in reality. Yeah.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> had to do with, uh, gene label bell. Oh Jesus Christ.
He was a stuntman on like the green Horne or something like.
That. Well, let me, let me tell you this.
He said it didn't it wasn't real though. Let me tell you this then.
Cuz talking from gene, gene was always I've I've known gene for years.
He's always super respectful about Bruce Lee,
but he's also he's okay. Let, put it this way.
If that actually did happen that way. If Bruce Lee fought Jean label bell,
Jean label bell would grab a hold of him and obliterate his brain on the
concrete 100 out of 100 times. Oh really? Cause let me just say that for,
so I'm not talking about the movie and like there was a thing in the movie where
I felt like they made Bruce Lee seem like a Buffon and I'm like, Ooh,
I don't think he was ever really like that Uhhuh.
This is like kind of an important historical figure for martial arts. And I get,
it's just a crazy Quintin Tarantino movie. I get it. The,
the end of the movie did not. I mean, spoiler, I don't wanna say what happened,
but he takes liberties for entertainment sake with a lot of different things.
Yeah. But with that one, I was like, Ooh,
I'm just gonna have some random dude that, that you know is a stunt man.
And Bruce Lees a buffoon to him and he kicks his on the set. But with that said,
if that guy, if that was a real life event with gene label bell and Bruce Lee,
gene LeBell would crush him. So gene.
LeBell could've he's gorilla that would've been him in that scene. Oh yeah.
But it would've been quick. Right? It would've been a different thing, man.
He's a gorilla, right? I mean, he's a,
like a judo champion with a severe arsenal of neck
cranks and joint locks and he is strong,
like a bear <laugh> I mean dude, in his prime,
he was a tank of a man really far bigger than Bruce Lee. Oh wait.
And Bruce Lee was small. Right. He was a small guy. Look,
Bruce Lee was an innovator in martial arts and one of my personal heroes. Yeah.
He's like the most important early innovator because he was the first guy to
think that you should combine the best elements of all these different styles.
Uh, when I was coming up, man,
I was doing TaeKwonDo and you were brainwashed to think that TaeKwonDo was the
best martial art, everything else was and you shouldn't even practice it.
So if I was practicing other stuff,
like I was doing some boxing or I was doing something like I'd get some frowns
from some people. Yeah. It was like a thing.
And if you were in some schools that were less open mind than mine, you know,
my school was a little more practical than some of them, but some of them, they,
they would say Kung Fu or death,
like all they wanted to do was Kung Fu they're doing this in the park. Right.
And you couldn't say, Hey man,
a wrestler's gonna grab a hold of you and he's gonna just pound you into a tree.
And there's not a God thing you can do about there's Jean there's Jean label,
bell. Who was, he was uh, in a bunch of different movies as a stunt man.
Oh yeah. That, that.
Looks like green Hornet.
Became same friends. So that's they were very good friends. Yeah.
And he had nothing but good things to say about Bruce Lee. Ah,
but he said he taught Bruce Lee a lot, like some of the moves that Bruce Lee,
Bruce, Bruce Lee used an armbar and one of the early scenes in game of death.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was from Jean Leba Jean label bell.
I guarantee you helped him here. But look at this,
like if Jean label bell really wanted to grab a hold of Bruce Lee,
Bruce Lee would be unconscious as would I, as would many, many,
many other trained martial artists, not Jamie. Bruce Lee was a Fu I mean,
Bruce Lee was a fantastic martial artist. And like I said,
one of the most innovative guys ever,
we don't even is how much his style had a gigantic effect on
making untold millions of people sign up for martial arts classes, including me.
Right.
And part of it was because he was a movie star, right. He had the looks and the,
and the charisma. Yes.
That allowed him to bring it onto film and show everybody.
He had everything. He had philosophy.
He had a deep understanding of all these D in martial arts.
And he had the courage to try to combine them, which was unheard of at the time.
Where did he got him exercise from a lot of these Kung Fu like circles?
Where did he learn it? He learned it from a bunch of different places. I mean,
he learned it, us books. He learned it in China.
He learned different things from different people. I know he did.
He worked with a lot of different martial arts,
including gene LaBelle of course was a what's gene else, judo, uh,
credentials. I know, I guarantee he was a national champion.
I think he was a world champion, but he was, uh, whatever he was.
He's a gorilla.
I feel like Kung Fu was more popular earlier.
Well, the UFC changed all that. Yeah. Nice. Dan, what is his judo,
but what is his, uh, competition? Uh, accomplishments.
Belt. No, <laugh> yellow belt.
He's but if that,
that makes sense that they kind of base it on him cuz he really was uh,
a legendary stunt man as well.
Wouldn't that be cool though. If,
if Tarantino had the inside scoop on that story.
Maybe that's. Yeah. But Bruce Lee and him were friends.
I guarantee you like that didn't go down like that. They didn't have a fight.
Right, right, right. And if they did have a fight,
Jesus Christ <laugh> I'm telling it would've been horrific. Yeah.
That guy's a gorilla. Judo people are different, man.
They have different their, their core judo is yeah.
Their core is so strong. There's only a few judo guys that ever rolled with it.
A like of consequence like Carol Perian was one of them.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> I think when I was a blue belt, I rolled with him and he,
he was like rolling with a chimpanzee <laugh> he just threw me around.
I was like really? Jesus Christ. It's so disheartening.
When you grapple with like a, like a,
a really good wrestler or a really good judo person,
they just have this insane ability to manipulate bodies. It's crazy. Okay.
It says, uh, he won the national heavyweight judo championship and the uh,
USA overall judo championship title.
So he won the national heavyweight title and he went on to win both the
heavyweight and overall champion in 1955 as well.
So that a eight amateur athletics, uh, union.
I think that's a AAU. I think that's, that stands for, so that's a,
that's a big time judo title, especially for back then in 1954,
there probably wasn't that many judo championships.
It was probably a fairly recent thing. Where's judo come from Japan. Japan.
Yeah. Japan jujitsu too. Even, uh,
Brazilian jujitsu really came from Japan because, um,
count Meda. Who was this? Uh, traveling judo master mm-hmm <affirmative> um,
he taught people in Brazil. He taught the Gracie's.
So the Gracie family in Brazil. Yeah.
They took that jujitsu and they refined it and made, made it much more,
much more emphasis on submissions cuz of Carlos Gracie and Ilio,
Gracie and car Arolsen Gracie and like the early masters. Right. Really amazing,
amazing story of one,
really one family that kind of revolutionized the way people fight on the ground
and they just all focused on. Right. I remember. Yeah. They just were,
they just were bad asses <laugh> yeah.
And they would just fight each other all the time and they were trying to figure
out what works best and they's they just got it down to a science.
There's the story of about from gene label bell about make us a little bigger.
So can I read this because uh,
label bell said that when he got on the set do sold to put Lee in a headlock or
something, so label be went up and grabbed Lee.
He started making all those noises and he,
that he became famous for <laugh> label be said,
but he didn't try to counter me.
So I think he was more surprised than anything else.
So he probably just grabbed him, got him in a headlock,
right then label bell lifted Lee onto his back.
What it's called a Fireman's carry and ran around the set with him, said,
put me down or I'll kill you. Lee screamed. He said,
I can't put you down or you'll kill me. Label bell said holding Lee there,
as long as he dared before putting him down saying, Hey Bruce, don't kill me.
Just kidding champ. Back on his feet again, Lee didn't kill label bell.
I dead Lee recognized his lack of was deficiency in G kudo style of martial arts
that he was developing. See, so it wasn't really a fight,
but this is what I'm telling you.
Label bell was so powerful and such an amazing judo guide that if it
was a fight, it would've been right really quick. Right.
So if that's who he was supposed to be portraying in the movie, like if that's,
if they showed that the Brad Pitt character was some judo champion that became a
martial artist later. Okay. Maybe this guy was.
Like a roofer <laugh> yeah. Well he was a.
Beast. It was, it was a fun part of the movie. Yeah. It was great.
liked that movie, man. I, I love.
That movie and it's so it's a, it's like split camps on it.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> like just in my circle of friends that are run into
whatever people either loved it and,
and feel like they could have hung with it for two more hours or people are
like, what's the point? What was the.
Story? I don't get it. Those,
I don't get it guys keep a real close on <laugh> yeah.
Keep him like they're Jeffrey Epstein. You're trying to keep life.
It's those people. I don't understand their thinking. I don't either.
It was so did you not.
Enjoyed that? Oh my God. Wild movie. Like, were you not entertained?
Like there was a lot of times in that movie. I was like. Yeah. Whoa. Ah, it's a.
Great movie. I could have just hung with it forever.
And especially being out here in LA mm-hmm <affirmative> it was just like that
cool muso and Frank's.
Ah, they didn't even have to do anything to make it look different.
I know it's so great. That place looks like it's from 1969.
Aren't we supposed to go? Yeah, we're supposed to go. Yeah. You and me and Joey,
we've been talking about it forever. We gotta do it.